1.Smart fan
   Features:Speed of the fan is controlled depending on number of persons inside the room   and    temperature outside the room.
2.Smart ac
   Features:Temperature of ac is controlled depending on the temperature in the room.AC turns off     when the room is cooled down and again turns on when the room is heated up.
3.Smart irrigation
   Features:Crops are watered based on the moisture present in the soil.If moisture is less,a    notification is sent to user to water the crop.
4.Smart doors
   Features:The doors open when they detect a person infront of them.
5.Smart lights
   Features:The light is switched on when the presence of a person is detected in the room.
6.Smart car
   Features:The ac in the car is turned on when it detects the presence of a person and 
   a buzzer to indicate if the doors are closed properly or not.
7.Tracking of shipments
   Features:Tracking a shipment's location.
8.Smart air purifier
   Features:When dust is identified in the room, the air purifier is automatically turned on.
9.Smart washing machine
   Features:Buzzer to tell whether the door is properly closed or not and a buzzer to indicate the    end of wash.
10.Water system
   Features:Sensor is used to notify to switch on the motor when the water in a tank is below the     specified level.
11.Smart coffee machine:
   Features:Coffee starts pouring when the presence of a cup on the stand is detected and notifies    when the coffee powder is finished.
12.Smart office:
   Features:The air conditioning and the lights in the office are turned on when people   start      arriving. 
13.Fitness
   Features:Notifies the number of steps and the number of calories burned on that day.
14.Industries
   Features:Sensors to identify whether a machine s working properly or not.
15.Parking system
   Features:Checks the parking lot for a space and notifies whether there is any parking slot is    present or not.
16.Traffic control
   Features:The time allocated to free the traffic from a side is allocated based on the amount of    traffic using sensors.
17.Smart grids
18.Smart electric metering
19.Determining air pollution parameters in cities
20.Smart vehicles















